The goal is to build a standard community library in Lagos Nigeria and also create relatable ways on health awareness, TCLI prefers to use stage plays or create a story around presenting symptoms and signs to look out for and prevention. There are designated timelines to achieve this.

What we need to do
Build a central community library and organise periodical stage play on common health problems plaguing my community.
Milestone
Since the central community library is going to be the first of its kind in Nigeria. I am giving it a 5 year timeline to achieve. The central library will be in a nature friendly environment with every time of book in its abode. There will be rooms for students to receive mentoring and counselling, particularly those from less privileged backgrounds in other to encourage them to continue their studies and prevent dropouts. It will also be a place for those who want to do researches. It will be facilitated with free internet and computer systems, with sound proof walls. The nature friendly environment will have sections that are noise permissible for those who enjoy reading with music, but this is outside the main library structure.
There will likewise be an adjoining bungalow where plays on health issues would be staged monthly. Each month will represent something, such as December for HIV, October for breast cancer, July for hepatitis and likes. This avenue will create opportunity for people to know more about these health problems on how they present, signs to look out for, required care. It will also make people more health conscious and present early as opposed to late presentation and habitual prime visits of local traditionalists.
Short term
Education 
Nigerians hardly ever donate for educational projects and as such, we have chosen to start step wise by firstly establishment few mini-libraries within the public schools in different local government.
For this, we intend to establish ten, at least these will help students benefits pending the time the central community library is put into place.
The ten library have been itemised into two libraries per year, while we raise funds for the central community library.
Health
There will also be periodic community outreaches to these local government and free screening such for common ailments such as HIV, malaria and hepatitis. 
People can join: 
By using the hashtag #raiseabrightmind for our library project. Publicise our gofundme page for fundraising: https://www.gofundme.com/TCLICampaign
